Ed Wood (film)
Ed Wood is a 1994 American biographical period comedy-drama film directed and produced by Tim Burton, and starring Johnny Depp as cult filmmaker Ed Wood.  The film concerns the period in Wood's life when he made his best-known films as well as his relationship with actor Bela Lugosi, played by Martin Landau.  Sarah Jessica Parker, Patricia Arquette, Jeffrey Jones, Lisa Marie, and Bill Murray are among the supporting cast.

Meet Corliss Archer
Meet Corliss Archer, a program from radio's Golden Age, ran from January 7, 1943 to September 30, 1956.  Although it was CBS's answer to NBC's popular "A Date with Judy", it was also broadcast by NBC in 1948 as a summer replacement for "The Bob Hope Show".  From October 3, 1952 to June 26, 1953, it aired on ABC, finally returning to CBS.  Despite the program's long run, fewer than 24 episodes are known to exist.

Andre Norton Award
The Andre Norton Award for Young Adult Science Fiction and Fantasy is an annual award presented by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America (SFWA) to the author of the best young adult or middle grade science fiction or fantasy book published in the United States in the preceding year.  It is named to honor prolific science fiction and fantasy author Andre Norton (1912–2005), and it was established by then SFWA president Catherine Asaro and the SFWA Young Adult Fiction committee and announced on February 20, 2005.  Any published young adult or middle grade science fiction or fantasy novel is eligible for the prize, including graphic novels.  There is no limit on word count.  The award is presented along with the Nebula Awards and follows the same rules for nominations and voting; as the awards are separate, works may be simultaneously nominated for both the Andre Norton award and a Nebula Award.

Esma Sultan (daughter of Abdülaziz)
Esma Sultan (21 March 1873 – 7 May 1899) was an Ottoman princess, the daughter of Sultan Abdülaziz and his wife Gevheri Kadın, herself the daughter of Salih Bey Svatnba.  She was the half-sister of Abdülmecid II, the last Caliph of the Muslim world.

Just Another Romantic Wrestling Comedy
Just Another Romantic Wrestling Comedy is a 2006 film starring April Hunter and Joanie Laurer.  This Romantic comedy film was premiered at New Jersey and New York City on December 1, 2006 and was released on DVD in the United States and the United Kingdom on April 17, 2007.  After the film's DVD release "Just Another Romantic Wrestling Comedy" won an "Honorable Mention" award at the New Jersey International Festival awards.  The release is being handled by "Victory Multimedia".

List of awards and nominations received by Shinee
South Korean boy group Shinee have received several awards and nominations for their music work.  The group was formed by S.M. Entertainment in 2008 and released their first full-length album, "The Shinee World", on August 28, 2008, which won the Newcomer Album of the Year at the 23rd Golden Disk Awards.  The first single released from the album was "Sanso Gateun Neo (Love Like Oxygen)" and won first place on "M Countdown" on September 18, 2008 making it the group's first win on Korean music shows since debut.  Their second album "Lucifer" (2010) produced two singles, "Lucifer" and "Hello".  For their outstanding choreography the group was nominated for the Best Dance Performance Award at the Mnet Asian Music Awards in 2010. " Lucifer" also won the Disk Bonsang Award at the 25th Golden Disk Awards as well as the Popularity Award.  On March 21, 2012 the group released their fourth EP "Sherlock" for which the group was awarded another Disk Bonsang Award at the 27th Golden Disc Awards and the Bonsang Award at the 22nd Seoul Music Award.  Also following the success of the lead single it was also nominated for Song of the Year at the 2012 Mnet Asian Music Awards.

James P. Comer
James P. Comer (born James Pierpont Comer, September 25, 1934 in East Chicago, Indiana) is currently the Maurice Falk Professor of Child Psychiatry at the Yale Child Study Center and has been since 1976.  He is also an associate dean at the Yale School of Medicine.  As one of the world's leading child psychiatrists, he is best known for his efforts to improve the scholastic performance of children from lower-income and minority backgrounds which led to the founding of the Comer School Development Program in 1968.  His program has been used in more than 600 schools in eighty-two school districts.  He is the author of ten books, including the autobiographical "Maggie’s American Dream: The Life and Times of a Black Family", 1988; "Leave No Child Behind: Preparing Today's Youth for Tomorrow's World", 2004; and his most recent book, "What I Learned in School: Reflections on Race, Child Development, and School Reform", 2009.  He has also written more than 150 articles for Parents (magazine) and more than 300 articles on children's health and development and race relations.  Dr. Comer has also served as a consultant to the Children's Television Workshop (Sesame Workshop) which produces Sesame Street and The Electric Company (1971 TV series).  He is a co-founder and past president of the Black Psychiatrists of America and has served on the board of several universities, foundations, and corporations.  He has also lectured and consulted widely not only across the United States at different universities, medical schools, and scientific associations, but also around the world in places such as London, Paris, Tokyo, Dakar, Senegal and Sydney, Australia.  For his work and scholarship, Dr. Comer has been awarded 47 honorary degrees and has been recognized by numerous organizations.

Billings Bulls
The Billings Bulls were a junior ice hockey organization based in Billings, Montana.  They most recently played home games at the 550-seat Centennial Ice Arena and due to the arena's small size, the Bulls frequently sold out games.  They previously played their home games in the Metrapark which had a max capacity of 9,000 for hockey games.  However, a negotiating dispute with arena officials and local county commissioners resulted in the team losing its lease.

Annie Morton
Annie Morton (born October 8, 1970) is an American model born in Pennsylvania.  She has appeared on the covers of "British Vogue", "ID", "Marie Claire", and other magazines.  She has been photographed by Helmut Newton; Peter Lindbergh; Annie Leibovitz; Richard Avedon; Juergen Teller; Paul Jasmin, Mary Ellen Mark and Terry Richardson, and modeled for Donna Karan, Givenchy, Guerlain, Chanel, "Harper's Bazaar", "Sports Illustrated" and Victoria's Secret.  A long time vegetarian, an advocate for organic lifestyle choices and natural healthcare.  She co-founded Tsi-La Organics, a "Green Luxury" company that creates and sells vegan, organic perfume and skin care products.

Mendocino County GMO Ban
Mendocino County, California, was the first jurisdiction in the United States to ban the cultivation, production or distribution of genetically modified organisms (GMOs).  The ordinance, entitled Measure H, was passed by referendum on March 2, 2004.  Initiated by the group "GMO Free Mendocino", the campaign was a highly publicized grassroots effort by local farmers and environmental groups who contend that the potential risks of GMOs to human health and the ecosystem have not yet been fully understood.  The measure was met with opposition by several interest groups representing the biotechnology industry, The California Plant Health Association (now the Western Plant Health Association) and CropLife America, a Washington-based consortium whose clients represent some of the largest food distributors in the nation, including Monsanto, DuPont and Dow Chemical.  Since the enactment of the ordinance, Mendocino County has been added to an international list of "GMO free zones."  Pre-emptive statutes banning local municipalities from such ordinances have now become widespread with adoption in sixteen states.

North Kansas City, Missouri
North Kansas City is a city in Clay County, Missouri, United States that despite the similarity in name to its larger counterpart, Kansas City, is an independent municipality part of the Kansas City metropolitan area.  The population was 4,208 at the 2010 census.  Originally a northern suburb across the Missouri River from Kansas City, Missouri, it is now almost completely surrounded by Kansas City, which has annexed far to the north of North Kansas City's northern city limits.  North Kansas City also adjoins the small municipality of Avondale.

Ungod
Ungod is the debut album released in 1994 on Columbia Records by the American industrial rock band Stabbing Westward.  The album was recorded in six weeks of 1993 in Chiswick, England, and released on February 15, 1994.  With adequate album sales and touring with the likes of Depeche Mode a second album was warranted, "Wither Blister Burn & Peel".  The guitar line in the chorus of the song "Ungod" was later used in Filter's song "Hey Man, Nice Shot."  Stuart Zechman, who was also playing guitar for Filter at the time, took the riff and showed it to Stabbing Westward who ended up using it as well.  The song "Nothing" appeared in the "Bad Boys" movie starring Will Smith, Martin Lawrence and Téa Leoni, but was not featured on the official soundtrack album.  The song also accompanied the credits of the film "Johnny Mnemonic" and was included on the film's soundtrack, along with the song "Lost".  "Lost", "Lies" and "Can't Happen Here" were used in the film "Mortal Kombat", but Stabbing Westward refused to include it in the official soundtrack.  The "Thread Mix" of "Violent Mood Swings" was included in the Clerks soundtrack.

Arnold Schwarzenegger filmography
Arnold Schwarzenegger is an actor who has appeared in over 30 films, and has also ventured into directing and producing.  He began his acting career primarily with small roles in film and television.  For his first film role, he was credited as "Arnold Strong", but was credited with his birth name thereafter.  He has appeared mainly in action, and comedy films.  In addition to films and television, he has appeared in music videos for AC/DC, Bon Jovi, and Guns N' Roses.

Real estate benchmarking
Real estate benchmarking is the standard of measurement used to analyze the financial characteristics of a real estate investment property.  In the general sense, real estate benchmarking refers to the comparison of potential real estate investment properties against a predetermined framework of measurement.  In a narrow sense, the term real estate benchmarking refers to the specific real estate indicators used to measure the real estate properties.

Joshua Parlby
Joshua Parlby (born 1855 in Longton, Staffordshire) was an English football manager who managed Manchester City in the 1890s.

Fishing Lake
Fishing Lake is a lake in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.  The lake is located between highway 5 and highway 16, 22 km north of the town of Foam Lake, Saskatchewan, and 24 km east of the town of Wadena, Saskatchewan.  The lake does not have an effective outlet channel, and so is prone to flooding.  Record floods in 2007 resulted in a plan by the Government of Saskatchewan to lower the level of the lake by digging a drainage channel.  The Fishing Lake First Nation opposed this plan, and instead flood control berms were constructed.

2010–11 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team
The 2010–11 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team represented the University of Vermont in the 2010–11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.  The Catamounts won their third consecutive America East Conference regular season Championship but lost in the semifinals of the conference tournament to Stony Brook.  The Catamounts got invited to the National Invitation Tournament but lost in the first round to Cleveland State, 63–60.

Bernhard Bötel
Bernhard Bötel (1883–1953) was a German operatic tenor and actor who had an active career in Germany and Austria during the first half of the 20th century.  He made recordings for several record labels during the early years of the recording industry, including His Master's Voice, Odeon Records, Polydor Records, Tri-Ergon, and Vox Records.  On the stage he sang a variety of roles in operas and operettas from leading parts to comprimario roles.  His stage repertoire included Belmonte in Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's "Die Entführung aus dem Serail", Chapelou in Adolphe Adam's "Le postillon de Lonjumeau", Count Almaviva in Gioachino Rossini's "The Barber of Seville", Daniel in Franz Lehár's "The Merry Widow", the Duke of Mantua in Giuseppe Verdi's "Rigoletto", Gabriel von Eisenstein in Johann Strauss II's "Die Fledermaus", Indigo in Strauss' "Indigo und die vierzig Räuber", Jeník in Bedřich Smetana's "The Bartered Bride", Paolino in Domenico Cimarosa's "Il matrimonio segreto", Pâris in Jacques Offenbach's "La belle Hélène", Pietro in Franz von Suppé's "Boccaccio", and Wilhelm Meister in Ambroise Thomas' "Mignon".

United States Assistant Secretary of State
Assistant Secretary of State (A/S) is a title used for many executive positions in the United States Department of State, ranking below the Under Secretaries.  A set of six Assistant Secretaries reporting to the Under Secretary for Political Affairs manage diplomatic missions within their designated geographic regions, plus one Assistant Secretary dealing with international organizations.  Assistant Secretaries usually manage individual bureaus of the Department of State.  When the manager of a bureau or another agency holds a title other than Assistant Secretary, such as "Director," it can be said to be of "Assistant Secretary equivalent rank."  Assistant Secretaries typically have a set of deputies, referred to as Deputy Assistant Secretaries (DAS).

Asgard (yacht)
Asgard is a 51 ft gaff rigged yacht.  She was owned by the English-born writer and Irish nationalist Erskine Childers and his wife Molly Childers.  She is most noted for her use in the Howth gun-running of 1914.

2009 Singapore Grand Prix
The 2009 Singapore Grand Prix (formally the 2009 Formula 1 SingTel Singapore Grand Prix) was a Formula One motor race held at the Marina Bay Street Circuit in Singapore on 27 September 2009.  The 61-lap race was the fourteenth round of the 2009 Formula One season.  It was the second Singapore Grand Prix to be part of a Formula One Championship and the tenth Singapore Grand Prix overall.  It was also the second Formula One race to be held at night.  The race was won by McLaren-Mercedes driver and reigning World Champion Lewis Hamilton.  Toyota's Timo Glock finished second and 2008 race winner Fernando Alonso took third position, making this the only race of the season with neither a Brawn nor a Red Bull driver on the podium.  This was also the last race of 2009 for Glock, as he was injured during qualifying for the Japanese Grand Prix and was replaced by test driver Kamui Kobayashi.  Heikki Kovalainen scored his last ever World Championship points at this race.

Hip Hip Pooh-Ray!
"Hip Hip Pooh-Ray!"  is a song from the 1968 musical film featurette "Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day".  It is sung by the cast as a release from the dramatic tension of the story.  The song is also incorporated into (and used as the promotional tagline for) the 1977 musical film "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" which is an amalgamation of three Winnie-the-Pooh featurettes including "Blustery Day".  In the song, Pooh and Piglet are hailed as heroes (Pooh for saving Piglet's life, and Piglet for giving Owl his grand home in the beech tree).

Universal remote
A universal remote is a remote control that can be programmed to operate various brands of one or more types of consumer electronics devices.  Low-end universal remotes can only control a set number of devices determined by their manufacturer, while mid- and high-end universal remotes allow the user to program in new control codes to the remote.  Many remotes sold with various electronic include universal remote capabilities for other types of devices, which allow the remote to control other devices beyond the device it came with.  For example, a VCR remote may be programmed to operate various brands of televisions.

Wolf Alice
Wolf Alice are a four-piece alternative rock band from North London, formed initially as a two-person band in 2010.  Its members since 2012 are Ellie Rowsell (vocals, guitar), Joff Oddie (guitars, vocals), Theo Ellis (bass), and Joel Amey (drums, vocals).

Gus Williams (musician)
Kasper Gus Ntjalka Williams OAM, known as Gus Williams (20 June 1937 – 13 September 2010) was a country singer from Hermannsburg in Central Australia.  He was an Arrernte man, who was born in Alice Springs.  He was the father of country star Warren H Williams.

Nancy Sinatra
Nancy Sandra Sinatra (born June 8, 1940) is an American singer and actress.  She is the elder daughter of Frank Sinatra and Nancy (Barbato) Sinatra, and is widely known for her 1966 signature hit "These Boots Are Made for Walkin'".

2012–13 VCU Rams men's basketball team
The 2012–13 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.  It was the 45th season of the University fielding a men's basketball program.  Led by fourth-year head coach Shaka Smart, they played their home games at the Stuart C. Siegel Center.  This was the Rams inaugural season in the Atlantic 10 Conference (A10), after spending the past 17 years in the Colonial Athletic Association (CAA).  They finished the season 27–9, 12–4 in A10 play to finish in second place.  They advanced to the championship game of the 2013 Atlantic 10 Tournament where they lost to Saint Louis.  They received an at-large bid to the 2013 NCAA Tournament, their third straight NCAA Tournament appearance, where they defeated Akron in the first round before losing in the third round to Michigan.

Dictyosperma
Dictyosperma is a monotypic genus of flowering plant in the palm family found in the Mascarene Islands in the Indian Ocean (Mauritius, Réunion and Rodrigues).  The sole species, Dictyosperma album, is widely cultivated in the tropics but has been farmed to near extinction in its native habitat.  It is commonly called princess palm or hurricane palm, the latter owing to its ability to withstand strong winds by easily shedding leaves.  It is closely related to, and resembles, palms in the "Archontophoenix" genus.  The genus is named from two Greek words meaning "net" and "seed" and the epithet is Latin for "white", the common color of the crownshaft at the top of the trunk.

Edgar Kaiser Jr.
Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Jr. (July 5, 1942 – January 11, 2012) was an American-Canadian financier and a former owner of the Denver Broncos American football team.  He was born in Portland, Oregon on July 5, 1942 and is the grandson of shipbuilding industrialist Henry J. Kaiser.  He earned a BA degree from Stanford University and an MBA degree from Harvard University.  Kaiser served as a White House Fellow and as a Special Assistant to President Lyndon B. Johnson, President Richard M. Nixon, and as a Special Assistant to U.S. Secretary of the Interior Walter J. Hickel.  He became a Canadian citizen in 1980.  He died on January 11, 2012.

St. Andre (Goa Assembly constituency)
St. Andre Vidhan Sabha Constituency is one of the 40 Goa Legislative Assembly constituencies of the state of Goa in southern India.  St. Andre is also one of the 20 constituencies falling under the North Goa Lok Sabha constituency.

All I Wanna Do Is Make Love to You
"All I Wanna Do Is Make Love to You" is a song by the rock band Heart.  It was composed by veteran songwriter and producer Robert John "Mutt" Lange and released as the lead single from the band's tenth studio album, "Brigade", as well as their first hit single of the 1990s.  The song was first recorded as "All I Want to Do Is Make Love to You" by Dobie Gray in 1979, though with different lyrics.

Atsushi Sakurai
Atsushi Sakurai (櫻井 敦司 , Sakurai Atsushi , born March 7, 1966 in Fujioka, Gunma) is a Japanese musician and singer-songwriter.  He has been the vocalist of the rock band Buck-Tick since 1985, previously being their drummer from 1983.  He released the solo album "Ai no Wakusei" in 2004 and was also a member of Schwein alongside Hisashi Imai (Buck-Tick), Sascha Konietzko (KMFDM) and Raymond Watts.  In 2015, he formed a solo project called The Mortal.

François Coli
François Coli (June 5, 1881 – presumably on or after May 8, 1927) was a French pilot and navigator best known as the one-eyed flying partner of Charles Nungesser in their doomed attempt to fly the Atlantic Ocean on the aircraft known as "L'Oiseau Blanc".

Hackers (film)
Hackers is a 1995 American crime film directed by Iain Softley and starring Jonny Lee Miller, Angelina Jolie, Renoly Santiago, Matthew Lillard, Jesse Bradford, Lorraine Bracco, and Fisher Stevens.  The film follows a group of high school hackers and their involvement in a corporate extortion conspiracy.  Made in the 1990s when the internet was unfamiliar to the general public, it reflects the ideals laid out in the Hacker Manifesto quoted in the film: "This is our world now... the world of the electron and the switch [...] We exist without skin color, without nationality, without religious bias... and you call us criminals.  [...] Yes, I am a criminal.  My crime is that of curiosity."  "Hackers" has achieved cult classic status.

Letters to Cleo
Letters to Cleo are an alternative rock band from Boston, Massachusetts, best known for the 1994 single, "Here & Now", from their full-length debut album, "Aurora Gory Alice".  The band's members are Kay Hanley, Greg McKenna, Michael Eisenstein, Stacy Jones, Scott Riebling, and later, Tom Polce.

Socialist Revolutionary Party
The Socialist Revolutionary Party, or Party of Socialists-Revolutionaries (the SRs; Russian: Партия социалистов-революционеров (ПСР), эсеры , "esery") was a major political party in early 20th century Russia and a key player in the Russian Revolution.  Its general ideology was revolutionary socialism of democratic socialist and agrarian socialist forms.  After the February Revolution of 1917, it shared power with other liberal and democratic socialist forces within the Russian Provisional Government.  In November 1917, it won a plurality of the national vote in Russia's first-ever democratic elections (to the Russian Constituent Assembly), but the October Revolution had changed the political landscape and the Bolsheviks disbanded the Constituent Assembly in January 1918.  The SRs soon split into pro-Bolshevik and anti-Bolshevik factions.  The anti-Bolshevik faction of this party, known as the Right SRs, which remained loyal to the Provisional Government leader Alexander Kerensky was defeated and destroyed by the Bolsheviks in the course of the Russian Civil War and subsequent persecution.

Guido Caldarelli
Guido Caldarelli (born in Rome on 8 April 1967) is an Italian physicist (statistical physics) and full professor in Theoretical Physics at IMT School for Advanced Studies Lucca.  He is married with two children and lives in Lucca.

Livesey Hall War Memorial
The Livesey Hall War Memorial commemorates the fallen of World War I and World War II who had been employed by the South Suburban Gas Company of London.  It is also a tribute to those employees who served in the wars.  The monument was designed and executed by British sculptor Sydney March, of the March family of artists.

Grantley Adams International Airport
Grantley Adams International Airport (GAIA) (IATA: BGI, ICAO: TBPB) is the international airport of Barbados, located in Seawell, Christ Church.  It is the only designated port of entry for persons arriving and departing by air in Barbados and operates as a major gateway to the Eastern Caribbean.  The airport has direct service to destinations in the United States, Canada, Central America and Europe and serves as the second hub for LIAT.  In 2016, the airport was the 8th busiest airport in the Caribbean region; and the third busiest airport in the Lesser Antilles; after Queen Beatrix International Airport located in Aruba, and Pointe-à-Pitre International Airport located in the Republic of France within the island of Guadeloupe.  GAIA, also remains an important air-link for cruise ship passengers departing and arriving at the Port of Bridgetown, and a base of operations for the Regional Security System (RSS), and the Regional (Caribbean) Police Training Centre.

Princeton Neuroscience Institute
The Princeton Neuroscience Institute (PNI) is a center for neuroscience research at Princeton University.  PNI was created in 2006 as a partnership of Princeton University's departments of Psychology and Molecular Biology.  This partnership was led by psychology professor Jonathan Cohen and molecular biology professor David Tank, who continue to serve as Co-Directors of the Institute.  In 2014, PNI moved into a dedicated research complex that houses both PNI and the Department of Psychology.  The building is 248,00 square feet, and was designed by Rafael Moneo to meet LEED Silver certification.

Teddy Roosevelt Terrier
The Teddy Roosevelt Terrier is a small to medium-sized American hunting terrier.  Lower-set with shorter legs, more muscular, and heavier bone density than its cousin the American Rat Terrier.  There is much diversity in the history of the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier breed and it shares a common early history with the American Rat Terrier, Fox Paulistinha and Tenterfield Terrier.  It is said the Rat Terrier background stems from the terriers or other dogs that were brought over by early English and other working class immigrants.  Since the breed was a farm, hunting and utility dog there was little to no planned breeding other than breeding dogs with agreeable traits to each other in order to produce the desired work ethic in the dog.  It is assumed that the Feist (dog), Bull Terrier, Smooth Fox Terrier, Manchester Terrier, Whippet, Italian Greyhound, the now extinct English White Terrier, Turnspit dog and or Wry Legged Terrier all share in the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier's ancestry.  These early Ratting Terriers were then most likely bred to the Beagle or Beagle cross bred dogs (for increased scenting ability) and other dogs.  Maximizing the influences from these various breeds provides the modern Teddy Roosevelt Terrier with a keen sense of awareness and prey drive, an acute sense of smell and a very high intellect.  Although they tend to be aloof with strangers they are devoted companion dogs with a strong desire to please and be near their owners side at all times.

Lead programmer
A lead programmer is a software engineer in charge of one or more software projects.  Alternative titles include "development lead", "technical lead", "lead software engineer", "software design engineer lead" (SDE lead), "software development manager", "software manager", or "lead application developer".  When primarily contributing in a high-level enterprise software design role, the title "software architect" (or similar) is often used.

Manga Bible (series)
Manga Bible (新約聖書 , Shinyaku Seisho ) is a five-volume manga series based on the Christian Bible created under the direction of the non-profit organization Next, a group formed by people from the manga industry.  Though first published in English, the books are originally written in Japanese and each volume is illustrated by a Japanese manga artist.  Each book is adapted from the Bible by Hidenori Kumai.  The first two books were illustrated by manga artist Kozumi Shinozawa, while the remaining three will be illustrated by a different artist.  The first book in the series, "Manga Messiah" was published in 2006 and covered the four gospels of the Bible: Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John.  "Manga Metamorphosis" (2008) covers the events in Acts and several of Paul's letters.  "Manga Mutiny" (2008, 2009) begins in Genesis and ends in Exodus.  "Manga Melech" (2010) picks up where "Manga Mutiny" left off and continues into the reign of David.  The fifth, and currently final book, "Manga Messengers" (2011) addresses events starting with the reign of King Solomon and takes stories from several of the major and minor prophets, and the Book of Esther and concludes with anticipation of a messiah.

First Italo-Ethiopian War
The First Italo-Ethiopian War was fought between Italy and Ethiopia from 1895 to 1896.  It originated from a disputed treaty which, the Italians claimed, turned the country into an Italian protectorate.  Italy was supported by the two other triple alliance members Germany and Austria.  Much to their surprise, they found that Ethiopian ruler Menelik II, rather than being opposed by some of his traditional enemies, was supported by them, so the Italian army, invading Ethiopia from Italian Eritrea in 1893, faced a more united front than they expected.  In addition, Ethiopia was supported by Russia, an Orthodox Christian nation like Ethiopia with military advisers, army training, and the sale of weapons for Ethiopian forces during the war.  Ethiopia was also supported diplomatically by the United Kingdom and France in order to prevent Italy from becoming a colonial competitor.  Full-scale war broke out in 1895, with Italian troops having initial success until Ethiopian troops counterattacked Italian positions and besieged the Italian fort of Meqele, forcing its surrender.  Italian defeat came about after the Battle of Adwa, where the Ethiopian army dealt the heavily outnumbered Italians a decisive blow and forced their retreat back into Eritrea.

Cynthia Hogan
Cynthia C. Hogan (born Cincinnati, Ohio about 1958) is the Vice President for Public Policy and Government Affairs at Apple.  Previously Hogan served as Senior Vice President of Public Policy and Government Affairs for the National Football League, and prior to that as the Counsel to the Vice President of the United States, Joe Biden, under President Barack Obama.  Hogan previously worked as Chief Counsel to Vice President Biden during his time in the United States Senate and served as Staff Director of the Senate Judiciary Committee.

Lothian and Borders
Lothian and Borders is an area in south-east Scotland consisting of the East Lothian, City of Edinburgh, Midlothian, West Lothian areas (collectively known as Lothian) along with the Scottish Borders.

Trash Box
Trash Box is a 5-CD box set of mid-1960s garage rock and psychedelic rock recordings, primarily by American bands.  This box set is similar to the earlier "Pebbles Box" (a 5-LP box set) and includes almost all of the same recordings in that box set (and in the same order), along with numerous bonus tracks at the end of each disc.  Supposedly, "the Trash Box" collects the first five volumes of the CDs in the Pebbles series (i.e., those released by AIP Records, not to be confused with the 4 earlier CDs that were issued by ESD Records).  However, as is generally true of the CD reissues of these five volumes (though not nearly to the same extent), the tracks differ significantly on all five discs as compared to both the original Pebbles LPs and the later Pebbles CDs in the corresponding volumes; and the surf rock rarities on "Pebbles, Volume 4" have been eschewed entirely.  Overall, there are 109 tracks in the box set (excluding the introduction and ending cuts) as compared to 101 songs on the individual CDs and 72 tracks in the "Pebbles Box".  Although most of the recordings on "the Trash Box" were released at some point on one of the individual Pebbles albums, several of the songs have not appeared elsewhere in the Pebbles series.  Inexplicably, one of these songs is the well-known hit "I Fought the Law (but the Law Won)" by the Bobby Fuller Four (on Disc Four) – which is also included in the "Pebbles Box" – in place of the much rarer "Wine Wine Wine" by Bobby Fuller that appears on "Pebbles, Volume 2".

Nikolai Podgorny
Nikolai Viktorovich Podgorny (Russian: Никола́й Ви́кторович Подго́рный ; ] , Ukrainian: Микола Вікторович Підгорний ; 18 February [O.S. 5 February] 1903 – 11 January 1983) was a Soviet statesman during the Cold War.  He served as First Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Ukraine from 1957 to 1963 and as Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet from 1965 to 1977.  He was replaced as Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet in 1977 by General Secretary Leonid Brezhnev.  That same year he lost his seat in the Political Bureau (Politburo) and was forced to resign from active politics.

Silene latifolia
Silene latifolia (formerly "Melandrium album"), the white campion is a dioecious flowering plant in the family Caryophyllaceae, native to most of Europe, Western Asia and Northern Africa.  It is a herbaceous annual, occasionally biennial or a short-lived perennial plant, growing to between 40-80 centimetres tall.  It is also known in the USA as bladder campion but should not be confused with "Silene vulgaris", which is more generally called Bladder Campion.

No. 2 Squadron RAAF
No. 2 Squadron is a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) squadron that operates from RAAF Base Williamtown, near Newcastle, New South Wales.  From its formation in 1916 as part of the Australian Flying Corps, it has flown a variety of aircraft types including fighters, bombers, and Airborne Early Warning & Control (AEW&C).  During World War I, the squadron operated on the Western Front conducting fighter sweeps and ground-attack missions.  It was disbanded in mid-1919, following the end of hostilities.  The squadron was briefly re-raised in 1922 as part of the newly independent RAAF, but was disbanded after only a couple of months and not reformed until 1937.  It saw action as a bomber unit in the South West Pacific theatre of World War II and, equipped with English Electric Canberra jets, in the Malayan Emergency and the Vietnam War.  The squadron was again disbanded in 1982, following the retirement of the Canberra.  It was re-formed in 2000 to operate the Boeing 737 AEW&C "Wedgetail".  One of the six Boeing 737s was deployed to the Middle East in September 2014, as part of Australia's contribution to the military coalition against ISIS.

2016–17 Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team
The 2016–17 Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team represented the University of Colorado in the 2016–17 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.  They were led by head coach Tad Boyle in his seventh season at Colorado.  The Buffaloes played their home games at Coors Events Center in Boulder, Colorado as members of the Pac-12 Conference.  They finished the season 19–15, 8–10 in Pac-12 play to finish in seventh place.  They defeated Washington State in the first round of the Pac-12 Tournament to advance to the quarterfinals where they lost to Arizona.  They were invited to the National Invitation Tournament where the lost in the first round to UCF.

Selver
Selver is a chain of supermarkets and hypermarkets operating in Estonia.  Selver is a subsidiary of Tallinna Kaubamaja.  The chain was established in 1995 with the opening of Punane Selver in Lasnamäe, Tallinn.  Expansion outside of Tallinn began on 10 May 2002 with the opening of Mai Selver in Pärnu.  Since 18 December 2008 Selver also operated in Latvia, but in the end of 2009 due to the financial crisis Selver was forced to close all its 6 supermarkets in Latvia.  There are currently 44 stores in operation all over Estonia (as of December 2014).

Subway 400
The Subway 400 was the second race of the NASCAR Winston Cup Series season until 2004, held a week after the Daytona 500.  This 400-mile (644 km) annual race was sponsored by Subway and was held at North Carolina Speedway ("The Rock") since 1966.  From 1966 to 1995, a 500-mile (805-km) race was held; the race was known as the Peach Blossom 500 (1966), the Carolina 500 (1967–1985), and the Goodwrench 500 (1986–1995).  In 1996, the race was shortened to its current distance of 400 miles; the 400 mile race was called the Goodwrench Service 400 (1996–1997), the GM Goodwrench Service Plus 400 (1998), the Dura Lube/Big K 400 (1999), the Dura Lube/Kmart 400 (2000), the Dura Lube 400 (2001), and the Subway 400 (2002–2004).

Ron Bottcher
Ron Bottcher (11 May 1940 – 12 April 1991) was an American operatic baritone who was actively performing with both the New York City Opera (NYCO) and the Metropolitan Opera during the 1960s.  A native of Sandpoint, Idaho, he earned music degrees from the University of Montana and the Curtis Institute of Music.  He made his debut at the Santa Fe Opera in the summer of 1961, where he portrayed the roles of Leopold in Richard Strauss' "Der Rosenkavalier", Marcello in Giacomo Puccini's "La bohème", and the Head waiter in Paul Hindemith's "Neues vom Tage".  His roles at the NYCO included Escamillo in Georges Bizet's "Carmen" and Sharpless in Puccini's "Madama Butterfly" among others.  At the Met he created roles in the world premieres of Samuel Barber's "Antony and Cleopatra" and Marvin David Levy's "Mourning Becomes Electra".  He died at the age of 50 at Lenox Hill Hospital in Manhattan of AIDS related illness.

Halcyon (album)
Halcyon is the second studio album by English singer and songwriter Ellie Goulding, released on 5 October 2012 by Polydor Records.  It was recorded between 2011 and 2012, during promotion of her debut album, "Lights" (2010).  Goulding worked with several producers on the album, including Jim Eliot, Starsmith, Billboard, Justin Parker, MONSTA, Madeon and Mike Spencer, in addition to collaborating with artists such as Tinie Tempah and Calvin Harris.

Sainik School Balachadi, Jamnagar
The Sainik School Balachadi ("Hindi: सैनिक शाला बालाचडी" ), Jamnagar, Gujarat, is one of the Top Sainik School in the Chain of 26 Sainik Schools in India.  It is one of the boarding school for public education in Gujarat.It was established in July 1961 by then the Honorable Prime Minister Sri Lal Bahadur Shastri. It is an elite English medium, fully residential boarding school for boys providing Premium public school education with a Military bias up to 10+2 stage as per the Central Board of Secondary Education. The Chain of Sainik Schools in India was established as a prime focus of strengthening the Armed Forces and All India Services IAS & IPS, and other fields of Public services.  The School is Located at a distance of 32 km from the main city of Jamnagar alongside a coastal area.  The campus facing the Gulf of Kutch is encompassed with a Bungalow of The Ruler of Nawanagar Maharaja Jam Shaheb Digvijaysinhji Ranjitsinhji, Sachana Ship Breaking Yard and a natural sea beach.

Raimund Harmstorf
Raimund Harmstorf (7 October 1939 in Hamburg – 3 May 1998 in Marktoberdorf) was a German actor.  He became famous as the protagonist of a German TV mini series based on Jack London's the Sea-Wolf (which was sold into many countries) and starred later on successfully in another German TV series based on Jules Verne's Michael Strogoff.

Ken Herock
Ken Herock (born July 16, 1941, in Pittsburgh) was an American college and professional football player who played tight end.  He played collegiately at West Virginia and professionally in the American Football League, where he played for the AFL Champion Oakland Raiders in the second AFL-NFL World Championship Game, held after the 1967 season.  He attended Munhall High School in Pittsburgh.  His six-year pro career was spent with the Oakland Raiders, who he helped win the AFL title, the Cincinnati Bengals, and the Boston Patriots.  After his playing career ended, Herock was a player personnel executive in the NFL with the Raiders, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, and the Atlanta Falcons.  He is known for trading Brett Favre from the Falcons to the Green Bay Packers at the urging of head coach Jerry Glanville.

Parkridge, Saskatoon
Parkridge is a residential community in western Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, located on land annexed by the city between 1975 and 1979.  Development of the subdivision (initially called "Fairhaven II" after the neighbouring community to the east, began in the early 1980s.  The extreme west end of the neighbourhood remained undeveloped until the subsequent creation of the adjacent Blairmore Suburban Centre led to the final phase of Parkridge being built out in the early 2010s.  Whereas the majority of residents are employed in the sales and service sector, the next highest employer is business, finance and administration.  The two main age groups are those in their 40s and teenagers as of 2005.  Until recently Parkridge was the farthest western neighbourhood of Saskatoon south of 22nd Street.  However, new construction will soon see Neighbourhood 2 of the Blairmore SDA bear that claim to fame.  In comparison, the neighbourhood of Parkridge with a 2001 census population of 4,505 is larger than the Saskatchewan city of Melville which had a population of 4,149 in 2006, and 4,453 in 2001 and Parkridge is a little smaller than the provincial city of Humboldt which was 4,998 in 2006, and 5,161 in 2001.  In Saskatchewan rural towns must maintain a population above 5,000 to apply for city status.  According to MLS data, the average sale price of a home as of 2013 was $327,072.

Fokienia
Fokienia is a genus of conifer tree belonging to the cypress family.  In its characteristics, "Fokienia" is intermediate between the genera of "Chamaecyparis" and "Calocedrus".  Genetically "Fokienia" is much closer to "Chamaecyparis", and not all researchers recognize "Fokienia" as a separate genus.  The genus comprises only one living species, Fokienia hodginsii or Fujian cypress (; Vietnamese: "Pơmu" ), and one fossil species ("Fokienia ravenscragensis").

Charlotte Hornets all-time roster
The Charlotte Hornets are an American professional basketball team based in Charlotte, North Carolina.  They play in the Southeast Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA).  The Hornets were first established in 1988 as an expansion team, but relocated to New Orleans following the 2001–02 season.  In 2004, a new expansion team, the Charlotte Bobcats, was established.  After 10 seasons as the Bobcats, the team changed its name to the Charlotte Hornets for the 2014–15 season, a year after the New Orleans franchise relinquished the Hornets name and renamed itself the Pelicans.  In addition to re-inheriting the Hornets name from New Orleans, the Charlotte franchise reclaimed the history and records of the original 1988–2002 Hornets, effectively becoming a continuation of the original franchise.

Christus Apollo
Christus Apollo: Cantata Celebrating the Eighth Day of Creation and the Promise of the Ninth is a cantata in four movements for narrator, mezzo-soprano, choir, and orchestra, based on a text by the science fiction author Ray Bradbury and composed by the American composer Jerry Goldsmith.  The piece was commissioned by the California Chamber Symphony in 1969, and premiered later that year in Royce Hall at UCLA with the narration performed by Charlton Heston (who had starred in the 1968 film, "Planet of the Apes", for which Goldsmith had composed the musical score).

The Mark on the Wall
"The Mark on the Wall" is the first published story by Virginia Woolf.  It was published in 1917 as part of the first collection of short stories written by Virginia Woolf and her husband, Leonard Woolf, called "Two Stories".  It was later published in New York in 1921 as part of another collection entitled "Monday or Tuesday".

Billy Boy
"Billy Boy" is a traditional folk song and nursery rhyme found in the United States.  It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 326.  It is a variant of the traditional English folk song "My Boy Billy", collected by Ralph Vaughan Williams and published by him in 1912 as number 232 in "Novello's School Songs".  The song is very popular with the Orange Order.

Yvonne Ridley
Yvonne Ridley (born 23 April 1958) is a British journalist who was a chair of the National Council of the now defunct Respect Party.  She was captured by the Taliban in 2001, and two years later converted to Islam after giving her captors an understanding that she would study Islam if they agreed to release her.  She is a vocal supporter of Palestine, a cause she took up as a schoolgirl and is also a critic of the political ideology of Zionism and vocal critic of Western media portrayals and foreign policy in the War on Terror, and has undertaken speaking tours throughout the Muslim world as well as America, Europe and Australia.  She has been called "something close to a celebrity in the Islamic world" by the journalist Rachel Cooke, and in 2008 was voted the "most recognisable woman in the Islamic world" by Islam Online.

Safe Harbor (TV series)
Safe Harbor is an American television drama series that aired on The WB Television Network from September 20, 1999 to November 28, 1999.  The series was created and executive produced by Brenda Hampton, who at the time was best known for work on the fellow WB series "7th Heaven", the series was paired with "7th Heaven" on the network's Monday night lineup.  Despite "7th Heaven" being the No. 1 show on The WB during the 1999-2000 season, "Safe Harbor" was unable to hold a solid audience after "7th Heaven" and was canceled after ten episodes and one season with the show moving to Sunday nights where the last two episodes aired.

Ralph Charles
Ralph Charles (born 5 February 1943) is an English amateur welterweight and professional light welter/welter/light middle/middleweight boxer of the 1960s and '70s who as an amateur won the Amateur Boxing Association of England (ABAE) 1959 Junior Class-A title against Kenneth "Ken"/"Kenny" J. Cooper  (Warley ABC), boxing out of West Ham Boys & ABC, won the Amateur Boxing Association of England (ABAE) 1960 Junior Class-B title against J. Harwood (National Association of Boys Clubs), boxing out of West Ham Boys & ABC, and was runner-up for the 1963 Amateur Boxing Association of England welterweight title, against Johnny Pritchett (Bingham & District ABC), boxing out of West Ham ABC, and as a professional won the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBofC) Southern Area welterweight title, BBBofC British welterweight title, European Boxing Union (EBU) welterweight title, and Commonwealth welterweight title, and was a challenger for the World Boxing Council (WBC) welterweight title, and World Boxing Association (WBA) World welterweight title against José Nápoles, his professional fighting weight varied from 140 lb , i.e. light welterweight to 157 lb , i.e. middleweight.

Can't Touch It
"Can't Touch It" is a song by Australian singer and songwriter Ricki-Lee Coulter.  It was written by Coulter with Brian Kierulf and Joshua M. Schwartz of KNS Productions, who also produced the song.  "Can't Touch It" was released as the lead single from Coulter's second studio album "Brand New Day" on 4 August 2007.  Upon its release, "Can't Touch It" peaked at number two on the ARIA Singles Chart and number one on the ARIA Dance Singles Chart, where it remained for eight consecutive weeks.  It was certified platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association for shipments of 70,000 copies.

The Hard Easy (film)
The Hard Easy is a 2006 American action crime drama film directed by Ari Ryan, and written by Jon Lindstrom and Tom Schanley.  The film stars Henry Thomas, Vera Farmiga, David Boreanaz, Bruce Dern, Peter Weller, Gary Busey, and Nick Lachey.  The film was released straight-to-DVD in the United States on May 22, 2007.

2017–18 Wigan Athletic F.C. season
The 2017–18 season is Wigan Athletic's 86th year in existence and their first back in League One, after being relegated the previous season.  Along with competing in the league, the club will also participate in the FA Cup, EFL Cup and EFL Trophy.  Paul Cook was appointed as manager on 31 May 2017, signing a 3 year deal, following the departure of much of the previous coaching staff the day before.

List of Teen Titans Go! episodes
"Teen Titans Go! " is an American animated television series based on the DC Comics fictional superhero team, the "Teen Titans".  The series was announced following the popularity of DC Nation's New Teen Titans shorts, both of which are based on the 2003 "Teen Titans" TV series.  "Teen Titans Go!"  is a more comedic take on the DC Comics franchise, dealing with situations that happen every day.  Sporting a new animation style, "Teen Titans Go!"  serves as a comedic spin-off with no continuity to the previous series, and only certain elements are retained.  Many DC characters make cameo appearances and are referenced in the background.  The original principal voice cast returns to reprise their respective roles.

122nd SS-Standarte
The 122nd SS-Standarte was a regimental command of the Allgemeine-SS that was formed in the city of Strasbourg during World War II.  The Standarte was activated on November 12, 1940, and reached battalion strength by the end of the year.  The command was a successor to the previously disbanded 121st SS-Standarte, also situated in Strasbourg.

Queen's Day (disambiguation)
Queen's Day or "Koninginnedag" is the former name of a national holiday in the Netherlands, the Netherlands Antilles and Aruba from 1890 to 2013.  It has since been renamed King's Day or "Koningsdag" to honor the birthday of King Willem-Alexander.

Romeo and Juliet on screen
William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet may be one of the most-screened plays of all time.  The most notable theatrical releases were George Cukor's multi-Oscar-nominated 1936 production "Romeo and Juliet", Franco Zeffirelli's 1968 film "Romeo and Juliet", and Baz Luhrmann's 1996 MTV-inspired "Romeo + Juliet".  The latter two were both, at the time, the highest-grossing Shakespeare films.  Cukor featured the mature actors Norma Shearer and Leslie Howard as the teenage lovers while Zeffirelli populated his film with beautiful young people, and Baz Luhrmann produced a heavily cut fast-paced version aimed at teenage audiences.

Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency
The Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency is an intelligence officer who, upon nomination by the President and confirmation by the Senate, serves as the nation's highest-ranking military intelligence officer.  As the chief of the Defense Intelligence Agency, the Director is the primary intelligence adviser to the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and also answers to the Director of National Intelligence through the civilian Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence.  The Director is also the Commander of the Joint Functional Component Command for Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance, a subordinate command of United States Strategic Command.  Additionally, he chairs the Military Intelligence Board, which coordinates activities of the entire defense intelligence community.

Coco Ho
Coco Malia Camille Hapaikekoa Ho (born April 28, 1991) is a professional Hawaiian surfer born in Honolulu, Hawaii.  She began surfing at 7 years old, following in the footsteps of her family.  Today, Coco has won over 25 surfing awards and has been voted a top three fan favorite in Surfer magazine’s Surfer Poll.

Barend
Barend or (somewhat dated spelling) Barent is a Dutch male given name and occasional middle name.  As of 2014, there are over than 4,000 men in the Netherlands with this as their first name, and nearly 3,000 with it as their middle name.  It was likely derived from Bernard.  Notable people with the name include:

High Commission of Australia, London
The High Commission of Australia in London is the diplomatic mission of Australia in the United Kingdom.  It is located in Australia House, a Grade II listed building.  It is both Australia's first diplomatic mission and the longest continuously occupied diplomatic mission in the United Kingdom.

Edmund Leach
Sir Edmund Ronald Leach (7 November 1910 – 6 January 1989) was a British social anthropologist.

2017 Birthday Honours
The 2017 Queen's Birthday Honours are appointments by some of the 16 Commonwealth realms of Queen Elizabeth II to various orders and honours to reward and highlight good works by citizens of those countries.  The Birthday Honours are awarded as part of the Queen's Official Birthday celebrations during the month of June.  The Queen's Birthday Honours for the United Kingdom were announced on 16 June; the honours for New Zealand were announced on 5 June and for Australia on 12 June.

Steven D. Smith
Steven "Steve" Smith (born June 23, 1964) is a New Hampshire politician and a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives representing Sullivan County District 11, which includes the towns of Acworth, Charlestown, Goshen, Langdon, Lempster, and Washington.  He is a software tester by profession, and also runs a slot car business and racing facility.

Ride Out (album)
Ride Out is the seventeenth studio album by American rock singer–songwriter Bob Seger.  The album was released on October 14, 2014.  Although Seger had previously stated that this may be his final album, a followup album entitled "I Knew You When" will be released on November 17, 2017.

2010 Kiev Victory Day Parade
The 2010 Kiev Victory Day Parade was held on May 9, 2010 in Kiev, honoring the 65th anniversary of the Soviet Union's victory in the Great Patriotic War.  Inspecting the parade was the Chief of General Staff of the Armed Forces General of the Army Ivan Svyda.  The commander of the Ukrainian Armed Forces, Colonel General Gennady Vorobyov, Commanded the Parade.  The President of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych delivered a jubilee address.  2,500 members of the Ukrainian Armed Forces troops from Russia and Belarus took part in the parade.  17 military orchestras took part in the parade under the command of the Chief of the Military Music Department of the General Staff of the Ukrainian Armed Forces, Major General Volodymyr Derkach.

Canyon Creek Food Company
Canyon Creek Food Company () is a food processing company based in Edmonton, Alberta that provides fresh soups and other prepared food products geared towards health conscious consumers.  The company provides its fresh food product line to grocery retailers and a broad range of food service establishments such as restaurants and institutions throughout Canada.

Sheila Cavanagh
Sheila Cavanagh is an associate professor of sociology and former chair of the Sexuality Studies Program at York University.  Cavanagh is currently chair of the Canadian Sexuality Studies Association and co-editor (along with Malena Gustavson) of the "Somatechnics" journal.  Her research is in the area of gender and sexuality with a concentration on queer, cultural, and psychoanalytic theories.  Cavanagh is editing a special issue on transgender and psychoanalysis in "Transgender Studies Quarterly" and completing her third book monograph titled "Transgender and the Other Sexual Difference: Bracha L. Ettinger and Jacques Lacan".  She co-edited a collection with Angela Failler and Rachel A. J. Hurst titled "Skin, Culture and Psychoanalysis" (2013) published by Palgrave Macmillan.  Her first sole-authored book titled "Sexing the Teacher: School Sex Scandals and Queer Pedagogies" (2007) was given honorable mention by the Canadian Women’s Studies Association.  Her second sole-authored book titled "Queering Bathrooms: Gender, Sexuality, and the Hygienic Imagination" (2010) is a GLBT Indie Book Award finalist and recipient of the CWSA/ACEF Outstanding Scholarship Prize Honourable Mention (2012).  Her performed ethnography titled Queer Bathroom Monologues (QBM) premiered at the Toronto Fringe Festival (2011) and was given the Audience Pick Award.  The play was professionally staged at Buddies in Bad Times Theatre, Toronto, in June 2014 for WorldPride and has toured at conferences, colleges and universities in Canada and the United States.  She has published in a wide range of international journals and given keynotes addresses at conferences in Sweden, Turkey and Canada.  Cavanagh teaches an undergraduate course titled Sociology of Gender and a range of graduate courses in sexuality studies, feminist theory and queer theory.  She is also interviewed in Rohan Spong's documentaries "T is for Teacher" (2009) and "Queer Science" (2008).

Paul Manafort
Paul John Manafort Jr. (born April 1, 1949) is an American lawyer, lobbyist and political consultant.  He joined Donald Trump's presidential campaign team in March 2016 and served as campaign manager from June to August 2016.  He was previously an adviser to the U.S. presidential campaigns of Republicans Gerald Ford, Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush, and Bob Dole.  In 1980 Manafort co-founded the Washington, D.C.-based lobbying firm Black, Manafort & Stone, along with principals Charles R. Black Jr., and Roger J. Stone.  In 1984 it was renamed Black, Manafort, Stone and Kelly (BMSK) & associates, after Peter G. Kelly was recruited.

The Golden Hour (novel)
The Golden Hour is a children's novel by Maiya Williams.  It was first published in 2004 and is the first of the Golden Hour time travel series.  It tells the story of Rowan Popplewell and his sister, Nina, who, while emotionally disturbed by the death of their mother, travel back in time to the French Revolution.

Hermigua
Hermigua is a town and a municipality in the northeastern part of La Gomera in the province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife of the Canary Islands, Spain.  It is located 12 km northwest of the island's capital, San Sebastián de la Gomera.  The Garajonay National Park covers the southern part of the municipality.

Roald Dahl: Collected Stories
Roald Dahl: Collected Stories is a hardcover edition of short-stories by Roald Dahl for adults.  It was published in the US in October 2006 by Random House as part of the Everyman Library.  The present volume includes for the first time all the stories in chronological order as established by Dahl's biographer, Jeremy Treglown, in consultation with the Dahl estate.  A few of the short stories were not published chronologically in book form, but appeared later, collected in "More Tales of the Unexpected" (1980).  The collection contains all of the short stories published in the following collections:

Linda Mvusi
Linda Mvusi (c. 1955 in Bloemfontein- ) is an actress and architect.  Mvusi took an award for best actress at the 1988 Cannes Film Festival for her role in the film "A World Apart" which was directed by Chris Menges.  Mvusi was the first South African to get a best Actress award at Cannes.  Mvusi also shared in an award for excellence for her architecture on the Apartheid Museum.

Chicago Public Media
Chicago Public Media is a not-for-profit media company that operates as the primary National Public Radio member organization for Chicago.  It owns three non-commercial educational FM broadcast stations and one FM translator, and produces the programs "Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me! " for NPR stations, "This American Life" which is self-distributed but uses PRX for distribution to other radio stations, and "Sound Opinions" for PRX.  CPM is based at Navy Pier in Chicago.

Independent Spirit Awards
The Film Independent Spirit Awards (abbreviated "Spirit Awards" and originally known as the FINDIE or Friends of Independents Awards), founded in 1984, are awards dedicated to independent filmmakers.  Winners were typically presented with acrylic glass pyramids containing suspended shoestrings representing the paltry budgets of independent films.  Since 2006, winners have received a trophy depicting a bird with its wings spread sitting atop of a pole with the shoestrings from the previous design wrapped around the pole.

The Original Jam Sessions 1969
The Original Jam Sessions 1969 is a 2004 released album by Quincy Jones and Bill Cosby recorded as backing music for "The Bill Cosby Show" in 1969.

Phillips Distilling Company
Phillips Distilling Company (est. 1912) is a Minneapolis, Minnesota-based distillery and house brand of liquors known for its omnipresence in the bars, taverns, and private shelves of the Great Plains.  Brands such as UV Vodka and Prairie Vodka are becoming popular across the nation.  Phillips produces a variety of liquors such as Vodka, Gin, Rum, Canadian whisky, Brandy and many flavors of Schnapps.  In recent years, Phillips has branched out beyond standard liquors with a variety of specialty drinks, such as Revel Stoke Spiced Whisky (the original spiced whisky), Gin-Ka (a combination of gin and vodka), Phillips Union Whiskey, the 100 proof series of Schnapps (Hot, Blue, and Root Beer), and vodka such as UV Vodka and the handcrafted and organic Prairie Vodka.  Phillips also produced an herbal liqueur, aptly named "Black 100" for its 50% alcohol by volume content and opaque black color, similar in texture and flavor to Schwartzhog or Jakob Steiner.

London International Documentary Festival
The London International Documentary Festival (or LIDF) is an annual documentary film festival that takes place in the months of March and April every year.  The event is presented in association with the London Review of Books.

Scott's Run Nature Preserve
Scott's Run Nature Preserve is a nature preserve in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States.  Located in McLean, it is bordered by Virginia State Route 193 to its south, Interstate 495 to its east and the Potomac River to its north.  It encompasses 336 acre of woodland with its namesake, Scott's Run, flowing through its west side.  Scott's Run originates in nearby Tysons Corner and enters the Potomac on the northwest side of the preserve.  The preserve is noted for including eastern hemlocks among its plant life, which are rare for the area.  It is a popular destination for recreation and hiking and is operated by the Fairfax County Park Authority.

Cardinal Health
Cardinal Health, Inc. is a Fortune 500 health care services company based in Dublin, Ohio.  The company specializes in distribution of pharmaceuticals and medical products, serving more than 100,000 locations.  The company also manufactures medical and surgical products, including gloves, surgical apparel and fluid management products.  In addition, it operates the nation’s largest network of radiopharmacies.  Cardinal Health provides medical products to over 75 percent of hospitals in the United States.  In December 2013, it was announced that Cardinal Health would team up with CVS Caremark, which would form the largest generic drug sourcing operation in the United States.  The venture was named Red Oak Sourcing and began operations in July 2014.

Aryanto Yuniawan
Aryanto Yuniawan (born June 18, 1977 in Magelang; age 40) is Chief Executive Officer of PT Mataram Surya Visi Sinema, a multimedia and animation movie company located in Jogja Indonesia.  Ary (his nickname) is best known as a director of Battle of Surabaya, the first 2D animation movie in Indonesia which got some awards i.e. Gold Remi Award USA 2016, GrandPrize Winner of SICAF 2016 in South Korea, Winner of Nice International Filmmaker Festival 2017 in France, Winner of Nioda International Film Festival in India and others.  He is also acclaimed as a writer, a producer, and currently working on several articles and books related to his job and hobby.  He started his career from directing and producing independent animation films including music videos.  He was trusted to be one of the juries of several film festivals such as Festival Film Indonesia (FFI 2016), Noida International Film Festival (NIFF 2016), and Seoul International Cartoon and Animation Festival (SICAF 2017).

Visa policy of Hong Kong
The visa policy of Hong Kong deals with the requirements in which a foreign national wishing to enter the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region must meet to obtain an entry permit or visa, which depending on the traveller's nationality, may be required to travel to, enter, and remain in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.  Visitors from over 145 countries are permitted visa-free entry for periods ranging from 7 to 180 days, to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for tourism or certain business-related activities.  All visitors must hold a passport valid for more than 1 month.

Fuding Railway Station
Fuding Railway Station () is a railway station located in Fuding City, Ningde, Fujian Province, China, on the Wenzhou-Fuzhou Railway operated by the Nanchang Railway Bureau, China Railway Corporation.

